do you want to know how to go from this
my name is Laura dilly and today I'm
gonna show you how to put your face on
step one foundation some people will
tell you you need to use like a fancy
foundation chart to color match your
skin no don't let people tell you what
color you need to be don't let this
little plastic card tell you that you be
whatever color you want like for
instance it's spring now in Indiana I
feel like having a tan today so we're
going to be tan and there's all these
like tools and stuff that you can use
you mean that just get a big glob just
put all all over I know you're gonna
think people are gonna see these lines
and you know what no one really looks
that close at you I'm just gonna get it
all all on there perfect okay you don't
really even need to worry about the neck
part because you know you're sure
they'll probably cover that up all right
bronzer this is a important step for if
you really want to look tan okay like
obviously I have a nice glow already
going but you really want to bring it
home with the bronzer and there's no
rules to bronzer you know some people
will tell you just to put it know where
the Sun might naturally hit no one's
gonna believe who's gonna believe that
that's a real tan no one's gonna believe
that so just put it all over okay and
like seriously be however tan you wanna
be it's your choice it's your life I
wanted to be summer there you go and you
know again like those lines just it
doesn't even really matter because it's
all about you and how you feel okay no
one's looking that closely see look how
brilliantly tan I am oh the most
important step this is what we on three
now eyebrows everybody loves eyebrows
look look how much I love eyebrows it
started out like this big so really the
only rule the eyebrows is that there is
no rule you really just want to have as
much eyebrow as you possibly can so I
kind of just draw a straight line from
like my nose up okay and then we're just
gonna color that in like so and like the
thicker the better really you know
don't let eyebrow so you know you want
them to shape your eyes that'll really
help your eyes to to really pop and the
saying or you just really want to get a
good line good solid line they're really
fill that all the way in see that make
sure you bring that all the way down so
what you see how it like see perfect it
just like totally shapes the eye and
really I browsers really work people
always try and focus on on other things
but eyebrows is where it's at okay
people ask me all Italian what color
what color eyeshadow should i go for
lower well let me tell you the brighter
the better and I always always match to
my clothes so today I'm gonna go with
with this color cuz it's really a pretty
purple the only rule with this is just
to get make sure you fill all the way in
up to that brow you know you don't want
people to look at your eye and and think
that it's not part of the natural color
you know to be there you just get that
up up there in that bro just like that
you gotta match your outfit always
always match your outfit okay it's like
a number one rule even if I'm like I'm
going to the gym okay to match my outfit
alright eyeliner I get asked all the
time Laura how do i do the cat who
doesn't want a cat i right cats are so
cool-looking that everybody just wants a
cat eye so it's perfect because you
already drew your lines for your
eyebrows and you just match those lines
and really cats have really thick
eyeliner on so okay so we're on eyeliner
just cover that bad boy up like that all
the way to your brow you know look at
that and go all the way all the way up
there cuz that's really gonna bring home
the cat and then you gotta match the
other side you know
all the way up and then just really
thick cat sluggers that guys I mean
people are like I've watched so many
tutorials on how to do cat liner and I
just don't get it it's really simple
you're just overthinking it just look at
your cat and draw that this is lip stain
and what I really love about lip stain
is you can have any shape lip you want
now put something down here so I can
like have that you know really big lip
look there's no limit really to how high
you can go who why would you pay for lip
implants yeah look at that I mean and
it's just gonna stain the skin so no one
will even know the difference between my
regular lips and that three that's hot
right the last is easy it's the mascara
and you already know how to do that so
here you go super simple focus on the
eyebrows the liner just look at your cat
just look at your cat and figure out how
you want to do that and the lips asst is
you know simple just make sure you go
really high I mean and you might not
want to have full lips every day and
that's fine so didn't then the next day
you just don't have to have full lips
okay what do you think this presentation
was brought to you by the following
sponsors